Update with QUIC (#16)
tfpauly/draft-happy-eyeballs-v3: draft-happy-eyeballs-v3.md

Address Selection rule between the RTT rule and rule 9, which prefers
used addresses over unused ones. This helps servers that use the
client's IP address during authentication, as is the case for TCP

> Fast Open {{?RFC7413}}, QUIC 0-RTT establishment {{?QUIC}}, and some

Reviewer: I'm not sure it's correct to say that QUIC 0-RTT relies on specific client IPs?

Author: Got it, removing for now.

address is started first, followed by the others in the list, one at
a time. Starting a new connection attempt does not affect previous
attempts, as multiple connection attempts may occur in parallel.
Once one of the connection attempts succeeds ({{success}}), all other
connections attempts that have not yet succeeded SHOULD be canceled.
Any address that was not yet attempted as a connection SHOULD be ignored.
At that time, the asynchronous DNS query MAY be canceled as new addresses
will not be used for this connection. However, the DNS client resolver
SHOULD still process DNS replies from the network for a short period of
time (recommended to be 1 second), as they will populate the DNS cache
and can be used for subsequent connections.

A simple implementation can have a fixed delay for how long to wait
before starting the next connection attempt. This delay is referred
to as the "Connection Attempt Delay". One recommended value for a
default delay is 250 milliseconds. A more nuanced implementation's
delay should correspond to the time when the previous attempt is

> sending its initial packet, based on the retransmission timer

Reviewer: Should this be "re-trying its handshake (such as sending a second SYN for TCP or sending a second QUIC Initial)"

connections attempts that have not yet succeeded SHOULD be canceled.
Any address that was not yet attempted as a connection SHOULD be ignored.
At that time, the asynchronous DNS query MAY be canceled as new addresses
will not be used for this connection. However, the DNS client resolver
SHOULD still process DNS replies from the network for a short period of
time (recommended to be 1 second), as they will populate the DNS cache
and can be used for subsequent connections.

A simple implementation can have a fixed delay for how long to wait
before starting the next connection attempt. This delay is referred
to as the "Connection Attempt Delay". One recommended value for a
default delay is 250 milliseconds. A more nuanced implementation's
delay should correspond to the time when the previous attempt is
retrying its handshake (such as sending a second TCP SYN or a second
QUIC Initial), based on the retransmission timer ({{!RFC6298}},
{{?RFC9002}}). If the client has historical RTT data gathered from
other connections to the same host or prefix, it can use this
information to influence its delay. Note that this algorithm should

> only try to approximate the time of the first SYN retransmission, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only try to approximate the time of the first handshake packet retransmission, and
```

# Limitations

> Happy Eyeballs will handle initial connection failures at the TCP and

Reviewer: Maybe say "at the transport layer (such as TCP or QUIC)"
